when you're making a grilled cheese
sandwich
if you're using thick slices of cheese
and you're putting butter directly in
the pan
you're doing it all wrong
these days a lot of people buy cheeses
in big blocks and then they slice it to
make the grilled cheese
the problem with that is that the thick
cheese slices don't have a chance to
melt before the bread burns
some people think that slicing their
bread really thick for a grilled cheese
sandwich
is going to make it taste better but
it's not because what happens is you
have a lot of bread
and not very much cheese and this is a
grilled cheese sandwich
most people put butter directly into the
pan the problem with that
is that the bread ends up being splotchy
and not evenly coated with butter which
doesn't make the sandwich taste very
good
worst of all is using too little cheese
what's the point of having a grilled
cheese sandwich
if there's hardly any cheese in it what
you're going to be left with
is a grilled cheese sandwich with bread
that's too thick half melted cheese
and splotchy butter on the outside now
who wants to eat that
now i'm going to show you the right way
to make a grilled cheese sandwich
first you want to start by using a
non-stick skillet you want to use a
non-stick because of course you don't
want your sandwich to stick
but also because cheese comes oozing out
just a little on a grilled cheese
sandwich
and you want to be able to eat those
toasty cheese bits that fall onto the
pan
next you want to butter the bread make
sure the butter is at room temperature
and spread it all across the surface of
one side of each slice of bread
put it butter side down and then we'll
add the cheese the most important tip i
can give you is to grate your
cheese use the large holes of a box
grater and it will melt before your
bread has a chance to burn
cover the whole surface of the bread
with the cheese it's going to look like
a lot but once you start cooking it
it will all melt down preheat your pan
for about two minutes
after you've added your sandwich you
want to cover your pan this
kick starts the melting of the cheese
and ensures that your bread won't burn
while your cheese is trying to melt
after about two minutes take the cover
off and look under the sandwich and make
sure that it's golden brown if it is go
ahead and flip it and press
down with a spatula you know it's done
because both sides are golden brown
and you can see a little bit of the
cheese starting to ooze out of the sides
if you do all these things right you're
going to end up with a melty
crisp grilled cheese sandwich that will
make you think of your childhood
only this one is much better
you